Apply section pattern to Actionable (A) (#50)
myyoda/principles-paper: main.tex

\subsection{Actionable}

> A research object may be self-contained and fully tracked, yet having all ingredients and a record of what was done is not suﬀicient without a recipe that can be followed.

Author: ```suggestion
A research object may be self-contained and fully tracked, yet having all ingredients and a record of what was done is insuﬀicient without a recipe that can be followed.
```
